hey guys um this is shangri-la or
something per se came out oh we found an
easter egg and pretty much all it is is
there's a British guy trapped behind
this wall it's right out of the spawn
come through here he's trapped behind
this wall but you have to get it to
nighttime first and then I'll start
talking a little button appears and
you'll start talking so it's lost with
you okay you're supposed to to get it to
nighttime you have to press every one of
these buttons press X on them at the
same time therefore okay everybody hit
the button great let's go
and it turns to knock down for a little
bit and when that thing goes like all
the way to the wall that means it's not
nighttime you tomorrow okay everybody go
to the little Easter thing we have not
finished it siii press X on that so
they're stuck behind that wall and what
we figured out is that the well first of
all when you turn it to nighttime we
don't know why but a meteor appears on
the temple and okay so we we know it has
something to do with these
hey kids try no I'm stuck oh so if you
press X on this then it like mood and so
we figured that out there's one in that
corner that corner in that corner but
then we also figured this out by the
little wall over here if you stand on
these then like a little shape appears
there are three dots on that one on this
one there is three dots on this one yeah
they kind of change and like this up
here some I know it's confusing on that
one it's yeah they're changing right now
so there are three over there and then
there's one right here and then one
right here and so we can't really figure
it out figure out what to do I'm pretty
sure when you move the little there's a
little thing over here when you move one
of these are you doing press X on it
when you move it we're pretty sure it
does something to those shapes over
there on the ground and then when you do
something to the shade yeah they keep
changing when you do something to the
shape like you stand on it now lets me
oh I family did that you said like it's
helping this guy is awesome so yeah we
really think you need to match on or
something but we don't know what to do
and we've been trying to figure it out
this is the first thing came out so I
think were the first people to figure
this out um yeah if you have any idea
trying to help us then post a video
response or taught something in the
comments thank you